SOURCE CODE AND BINARY SOFTWARE:

The binary copy of the Adso executable is released under the Adso 
licensing file below. It permits the free, non-commercial use and 
redistribution of the Adso software, provided that proper attribution
is given. Permission is required separately for commercial use. Free
commercial use may be made of the engine for text-segmentation and 
hanzi-to-pinyin conversion purposes.

Copies of the source code are available as a courtesy to users of
systems which require compilation from scratch. You are free to 
redistribute unmodified versions of the source code. Changes and 
bugfixes should be directed back to the main project for inclusion
in the main project. Contact us to get involved in our ongoing 
development efforts.



DATABASE MATERIALS:

While the database as a whole is copyright to Language Systems Ltd.,
specific english translations of specific terms may be available 
under separate licenses according to their source. This source is 
marked for every entry in the SOURCE field of the database. It is 
your responsibility as a user to abide by the terms of these licenses 
when using or redistributing database content. Entries without tags
should be considered part of the Adso project.

All licenses basically permit the free, non-commercial use and 
redistribution of content electronically provided that attribution is 
given. Restrictions on commercial use differ by project, method of 
installation, as well as on the specific data being used. Please see 
the actual licenses for details on specific rights and prohibitions, 
or contact Adsotrans to inquire about licensing details. If you have 
data you would be willing to share for commercial or non-commercial 
use, please get in touch!


SOURCE TAG:					LICENSE:
-------------------------------------------------------------------
ADSO						ADSO.license.html
CLR-NSMU					CRL.license.html


ADSO:		Language Systems Ltd.
	       	David Lancashire <david.lancashire@gmail.com>
		http://www.languagesystems.net

CLR-NSMU:      	Computing Research Laboratory
		New Mexico State University 
		Jim Cowie <jcowie@crl.nmsu.edu>
		http://crl.nmsu.edu

